[Doc] Add backup procedures for all deployment types (PMM-13980) (#4260)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/install-pmm/install-pmm-server/deployment-options/docker/restore_container.md

Before proceeding with restoration, ensure you have one of the following:

- a manual backup you previously created. Make sure to verify its integrity using the verification procedures in the [back up guide](backup_container.md).
- an [automated backup volume](../../../../pmm-upgrade/migrating_from_pmm_2.md#step-2-migrate-pmm-2-server-to-pmm-3) created during migration from PMM V3

# Restore methods

Choose the restoration method that matches how your backup was created:

=== "Volume-to-volume backup"
    Restore from a backup volume created using the volume-to-volume method:
    {.power-number}

    1. Stop the current PMM Server container:
        ```sh
        docker stop pmm-server
        ```

    2. Remove the current container:
        ```sh
        docker rm pmm-server
        ```
    4. Choose a restauration option:
        - Replace current volume with backup volume:
            ```sh
            # Remove current volume (WARNING: This deletes current data)
            docker volume rm pmm-data

            # Restore from backup volume to new pmm-data volume
            docker volume create pmm-data

>             sudo docker run --rm -v <backup-volume-name>:/from -v pmm-data:/to alpine ash -c 'cd /from ; cp -av . /to'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            sudo docker run --rm -v <backup-volume-name>:/from -v pmm-data:/to alpine ash -c 'cp -av /from/. /to'
```

            ```
        - Use backup volume directly:
            ```sh
            # Start PMM Server using backup volume directly
            docker run -d \
            --publish 443:8443 \
            --volume <backup-volume-name>:/srv \
            --name pmm-server \
            --restart always \
            percona/pmm-server:3
            ```

    4. Verify the restored PMM Server is working correctly:
        ```sh
        docker logs pmm-server
        ```
        
=== "Directory backup"
    Restore from a host directory backup:
    {.power-number}

    1. Stop the current PMM Server container:
        ```sh
        docker stop pmm-server
        ```

    2. Remove the current container:
        ```sh
        docker rm pmm-server
        ```

    3. Copy backup data to PMM volume:
        ```sh
        # Remove current volume (WARNING: This deletes current data)
        docker volume rm pmm-data
        
        # Create new pmm-data volume
        docker volume create pmm-data
        
        # Copy directory backup to volume

>         docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/<backup-directory>/srv:/backup -v pmm-data:/srv alpine sh -c 'cp -r /backup/* /srv/'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/<backup-directory>:/backup -v pmm-data:/srv alpine sh -c 'cp -r /backup/* /srv/'
```
